merged stc analysis and figure reproduction into main project (#1)
jlubo/memory-consolidation-stc: notebooks/lehr_luboeinski_tetzlaff_2022/README.md

# Neuromodulator-dependent synaptic tagging and capture retroactively controls neural coding in spiking neural networks
### Andrew B Lehr*, Jannik Luboeinski*, & Christian Tetzlaff

> #### * These authors contributed equally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Andrew B Lehr\*, Jannik Luboeinski\*, & Christian Tetzlaff
#### \* These authors contributed equally.
```

***
####

> The notebook __code/figure_reproduction.ipynb__ reproduces most figures from **Lehr, Luboeinski & Tetzlaff, 2022**. It uses the __stcAnalysisClass__ found in the main analysis folder of this project. There you will find the relevant methods used for data analysis, statistics, and figure generation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The notebook __code/figure_reproduction.ipynb__ reproduces most figures from **Lehr, Luboeinski & Tetzlaff, 2022**. It uses __nmAnalysisClass.py__ found in the __analysis/__ folder of this repository. There you will find the relevant methods used for data analysis, statistics, and figure generation.
```

This suggestion assumes the change of filename `stcAnalysisClass.py` -> `nmAnalysisClass.py` as suggested below.
